Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter. – Mark Twain

Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young. – Henry Ford

Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. – Mark Twain

True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. – Kurt Vonnegut

A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman’s birthday but never remembers her age. – Robert Frost

As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. – Andrew Carnegie

How incessant and great are the ills with which a prolonged old age is replete. – C. S. Lewis

Old age, believe me, is a good and pleasant thing. It is true you are gently shouldered off the stage, but then you are given such a comfortable front stall as spectator. – Confucius

Old age has deformities enough of its own. It should never add to them the deformity of vice. – Eleanor Roosevelt

Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. – Samuel Ullman

An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her. – Agatha Christie

All diseases run into one, old age. – Ralph Waldo Emerson

Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. – Aristotle

Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries. – Bill Cosby

Age appears to be best in four things old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read. – Francis Bacon

None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm. – Henry David Thoreau

Every man over forty is a scoundrel. – George Bernard Shaw

Forty is the old age of youth fifty the youth of old age. – Victor Hugo

You can’t help getting older, but you don’t have to get old. – George Burns

Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. – Albert Camus

Youth is when you’re allowed to stay up late on New Year’s Eve. Middle age is when you’re forced to. – Bill Vaughan

Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you’ve got to start young. – Theodore Roosevelt

A comfortable old age is the reward of a well-spent youth. Instead of its bringing sad and melancholy prospects of decay, it would give us hopes of eternal youth in a better world. – Maurice Chevalier

A man growing old becomes a child again. – Sophocles

I will never be an old man. To me, old age is always 15 years older than I am. – Francis Bacon

Age considers youth ventures. – Rabindranath Tagore

What most persons consider as virtue, after the age of 40 is simply a loss of energy. – Voltaire

Age is a very high price to pay for maturity. – Tom Stoppard

Old age is no place for sissies. – Bette Davis

I don’t feel old. I don’t feel anything till noon. That’s when it’s time for my nap. – Bob Hope

As I approve of a youth that has something of the old man in him, so I am no less pleased with an old man that has something of the youth. He that follows this rule may be old in body, but can never be so in mind. – Marcus Tullius Cicero

I don’t believe one grows older. I think that what happens early on in life is that at a certain age one stands still and stagnates. – T. S. Eliot

Advice in old age is foolish for what can be more absurd than to increase our provisions for the road the nearer we approach to our journey’s end. – Marcus Tullius Cicero

When grace is joined with wrinkles, it is adorable. There is an unspeakable dawn in happy old age. – Victor Hugo

It takes a long time to become young. – Pablo Picasso

After thirty, a body has a mind of its own. – Bette Midler

There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age. – Sophia Loren

Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough. – Don Marquis

Old minds are like old horses you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. – John Adams

Forty is the old age of youth, fifty is the youth of old age. – Hosea Ballou

Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art. – Stanislaw Lec

Preparation for old age should begin not later than one’s teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement. – Dwight L. Moody

There is always some specific moment when we become aware that our youth is gone but, years after, we know it was much later. – Mignon McLaughlin

Growing old is no more than a bad habit which a busy person has no time to form. – Andre Maurois

As long as any adult thinks that he, like the parents and teachers of old, can become introspective, invoking his own youth to understand the youth before him, he is lost. – Margaret Mead

Old age is fifteen years older than I am. – Oliver Wendell Holmes

Aging is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength. – Betty Friedan

The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven’t changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don’t change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion. – Doris Lessing

The trick is growing up without growing old. – Casey Stengel

Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought. – Emily Dickinson